Quick note before we start the show this week Alex and I got to hang out with Britney loose on her
podcast sampler if you're not already listening. You should go check it out we got to talk about our
favorite podcast which are
all weird commies I guess it was really really find you go listen sampler podcast
go check it out sampler podcast wherever you go up I guess I can tell you already a pod cast. That's your
own business.
There's a sort of reply I was brought to you by audible dot com Audible dot com provides over one hundred eighty
thousand audiograms from a leading audio book
publishers one book they have as Paul had which is a collection of essays by National Magazine Award winner
John Jeremiah salt and it is so good. There's a story where he goes to try
to cover the crossover Festival which is an enormous Christian rock festival and
things kind of immediately go
haywire and stand at the edge of the crowd and take notes on the
scene trot up the occasional audience member. What's harder home schooling or
regular school and then flash mob boss to get backstage word
wrap with the artists themselves.
He ends up renting an R.V. He tries to find a Christian rock fan to be his copilot.
It doesn't work. Garvey sides on a mountain. Everybody almost dies.
That is like the first couple pages of this essay. If you want to hear the rest just go to audible dot com
slash reply you get a free thirty day trial today. That's Audible dot com
slash
reply
from get this reply all I'm T.J.
vote
last week my colleague Alex Goldman provided technical support to a woman who lost her domain name
and wanted it back. Alex is out this week and so I am stepping up to provide super technical support.
So this starts very simply with an email from a guy named Mack time live in
Brooklyn Metro to say that all he wanted was to sign up for a high speed internet.
New York City.
He wanted the service called Firehouse which is just Internet over fiber optic cables. It's
mostly insanely fast fries and sells it and so he called Horizon.
I had like checkers rising to see if I could get service of mine new apartment
and like I said I think they don't say no but they kind
of do like we'll get back to you.
Yeah but fast forward a little while I get something in the mail saying
like that they're offering service and I'm like are a crate I'm going to
like call them up and like give them so install it
and it doesn't go anywhere I eventually
get something the mail saying that like we've tried to get in touch
with your landlord to install service our engineers are working
on
it and that was like weird because according to Matt.
He has the rarest thing in New York. He has an exceptionally good
landlord like if I complain about the leaky sink. He actually shows up and fixes that which
you know by New York standards it's crazy Hell
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly like in my past experience have been leaky
saying why are you calling us. So so it's like I mean it's a he's like
buy on a weekly basis and like if there's something to talk about like we talk about
it so why wouldn't a good landlord want his tenant to have incredibly fast
internet didn't make any sense. I called Matt's landlord up to ask his name
is Fred.
Hi
this is P.J. calling Matthew put me in touch with you right.
Yes Fred said Verizon wasn't telling the truth. He said he's never heard anything from them about Matt. Moreover.
He says he had called Horizon on his own to ask about Vyas and they told him the
same thing they need to get permission from the owner of the building. Did you tell them that you're
the owner of the building.
Whoever I spoke to. Asked me today I thought I was the one of the building yes when I spoke to
guess and what they say they said that they just don't do they just they just
myself and I have a right
now and would you want rising to install files in your buildings if they
could
I would liken the files more so than you know
the dishes that you have had one. You know. When you go it isn't all that other stuff you know I would fight fight fire
with more than yes they have said
yes so Matt said he knows that sometimes with stories like this
when reporters start asking questions. Everything somehow just get streamlined for the
person who's making trouble and he said he didn't want that that would be right.
Yeah like a like honestly like if I were to mysteriously get service and then like the people upstairs really couldn't
get service like their be part of me heard but there was one I like I don't know.
Well I guess I could still use the service but I don't much hate the more I would hate them more and I
would just like myself or likes the idea that. Yeah that's the
other that's definitely how I feel about
that and this it turns out is why Matt really wanted to protect
support. Not for me to magically get him via So instead he wanted something that
was way more difficult.
He wanted something that I have wanted so many times in my life while dealing with some massive
Internet company.
Matt wanted an answer he wanted to
know why did rising treat him that way. Had they made a mistake. Had they
lied to him and if so why this seemed to me kind of like
a hopeless request but it resonated with me and so I started to poke
around and it turns out in New York City. There are actually a ton of people with maps
problem people who don't have those and who want it. They want it with the kind
of fervor that people usually reserve for new i Phones or opening night Star Wars
tickets in two thousand and thirteen. I found out. Yes
BIOS was available in my neighborhood. So I called the number that was.
Inserted in my bill. Yes I want files sign me
up that was in two thousand and thirteen.
That was such an exciting moment. Yes Would you like to find out when I got fired.
I would love to hear when you got fired. It is now two thousand and sixteen.
I still don't have it. This is Patricia lake
in reply our producer C.N.N. spoke to her she was on the Upper West Side
but by now it became my mission exists.
It's in my neighborhood. I wanted I want to be able to save money and have faster
Internet connection.
So let me tell you what it is like to live in New York City.
Everywhere you look is an advertisement for
Firehouse genius and Michael Bay director of Hollywood hits such
as
Transformers as on T.V. there's ads on the radio. There's ads on the Internet with streaming and papa.
There are flyers they get shoved under your door getting presents us with us on the billboard on the back
of the newspaper. It is in the eyes of the people who you love it is written in the night
sky in the stars. It is
inescapable. What happened with the rising sun fiberoptic Street to
you. On every single Verizon truck in in bold and
is filed. You know on the sides of the truck so it's certainly something
that is being promoted for
sure and how do you feel when you see that ha ha ha.
You know it's like yeah right torture.
Maybe this sounds like hyperbole but for me and for most the people I know it makes sense
because New York is a slow internet
health everything here just trickles using the
Internet is like sitting in Times Square at five o'clock in rush hour. All the
time watching Netflix is like slowly flipping a picture
book and any time you start using it is just think this is normal things take time to
load whatever you tell
yourself. When you see an ad for fire
that's
right he makes this promise
to you that it doesn't have to be like that and you can't help
but wish that you had it that everybody had it that the mayor would pass a decree
guaranteeing Vios for all New Yorkers you get by
if you get fired. Now I know what you're saying there's no way that would ever
happen but your listener you are
wrong because in two thousand eight thousand signed a contract with the
city that they would make Fi OS available to any resident who wanted
it and they said that they would do that by the summer of two thousand and fourteen.
This is Josh mom he works for a progressive nonprofit group called a common
cause even if you were the only person in your apartment building who wanted it. They still had
to and they had to go up the elevator shaft and get in there. Anon which would have been a
nonstandard insolation the still had to do that you still had the right to
request files and have it
installed so in theory this utopia should have showed up two years ago but Matt doesn't
have even though he wants it. Patricia doesn't have IOS you know she wants it
and when the city looked into this they found out that there's at least forty thousand people
who've requested by us and haven't gotten it. After waiting for more than a year so nobody knows for
sure why this is happening.
Every talk to Matt. I started trying to find somebody at Verizon who talk to me which is not easy to do
it turns out and more on that later but in the meantime Maggies me
his theory for what was going on he knows that some people are going fast. And his theory is
that horizon only wants to sell to rich people.
Matisse live in Williamsburg which is a very expensive neighborhood and when he lived there. He actually did
have
eyes when I didn't stalled in Williamsburg a guy came shoulder hole in the side of the
building but the fiber through it and like that was it. There was no getting in contact with a
landmark like and felt like just regular
cable you think that they're much more interested installing in the expensive neighborhood than in
the less expensive one.
But what was that is like one hundred
percent. I don't know part of it. I
have no doubts. Yeah.
This makes sense to me because when you sign up for any kind of Internet.
The company also will try to sell you a T.V. package and a phone line all these other
services that come through that same wire and so I could imagine
that maybe they'd want to serve rich people first because rich people maybe they wouldn't just pay
eighty bucks a month for internet. They also might pay like another hundred bucks for the really good cable
package or like sixty more bucks for the sports package. Maybe they don't just want H.B.O. want an easier
to maybe they want you know H.B.O. one through nine.
I mean they're trying to maximize the revenue like so they have it one level like you might have sales people who aren't going
to fight the push that maybe that's why they like yeah maybe people whose job all day is like
how many triple plays that you closed today. You know how big like in the water cooler.
That would have been against the rules they had to give to everybody not just the rich people and who knows if that's what
they were doing these are just guesses.
Now
Josh is a slightly different way of looking at this whole mysterious problem. I should
say that his group usually toggles much bigger problems.
Stuff like Citizens United
but fires ended up on his plate after a lot of common cause members complained that they couldn't get
it and so now they've become sort of experts about why people in the U.S. have such a
Bismillah the slow
Internet not just in New York but in many places. So here's what I learned
from Josh that actual process of wiring a city for internet. It's really really expensive up front.
You've got to do all this construction but once you've done it you make a ton of money off people's
subscriptions governments don't want to spend all that up front money
and so they let companies do it but before any wires
get put down they'll make deals with the companies they'll say if you're going to give Internet to people
where we live.
It's got to be this faster you've got. Give them this deal or you've got to pay us some of the
money
and that moment before the wire gets laid that is a moment where the government has a
ton of power.
If you live somewhere where your internet sucks. It probably started sucking when one of
those deals got
made and that's why Internet across so much of the United States just seems
to
crawl specially when you compare that
to Internet service around the world and how affordable
and fast. It's even in places like Ball
Garia is Internet really faster in Bulgaria.
Yes. It's much faster and I think in some places like.
Like South Korea I think it's about thirty megabytes per second again. I mean what is it in
like in Hatton and it's also of the average Internet speed
Manhattan.
What do you
have what do I have that you have bios. That's going
to think
that we have files seriously.
Yeah you know we off i OS I think one other thing they did was they went to bigger like.
Downtown office buildings where the slab you know. Where in lower Manhattan there's a lot of nonprofits here
that like start up groups that are here.
So I think they wanted to make sure that those areas were wired
first and let's just
say this by the way was actually the first time I'd
gotten to see Fi OS what it actually looked like and it seemed fast.
Normally if I'd type in a U.R.L. and I hit
Enter I'm used to this little pause. It's like three to five seconds. I
just wait and Josh browser didn't have that cache by the way we're
on this website has your speed. There are five ads for of rising by as there are five
banner ads around this speed
test for sixty nine dollars a month.
So you're seeing. An ad for that they have. It's
crazy advertising part of it I know it doesn't seem like such a big
deal but it just I'm so curious about it it's like a store being out of stock
or something but they're just putting up all these ads telling people to come by like those customers
don't come and get something else they don't come and they're not happy like it that is the
part that actually confuse me more than
anything I mean you know that we had stories of a guy he said there's a Verizon
truck that parks outside of he lives in Manhattan the so there's a fries and truck that parked
outside of my house every single day and I cannot
get installed the rising truck it's a file strike its files all over it.
The promotional truck that just sits there
he's gone out and talk to people the trucking says give me if I want it. There's this
other thing that I've heard about the justice could not explain when Verizon first signed
the contract by all accounts they've been
great did wired files for the people who wanted it things had been
normal but then after a year or so installations ground to a halt.
It seemed like there was a clue in that but Josh can explain why it
happened.
See the biggest didn't they help you.
Hi this is P.J. Vo com back for Bob master called
up
so I called Bob Master Bob we're sure the communications were fishing and so he represents
the guys who work for horizon. If you actually install fast and Bob said yes at a
certain point files inflation's have gotten very
weird our members. Yeah they just they just do what they're told to do right. But they
they know when it's being done right and when it's being done
wrong in every borrow if ever some reason Staten Island their bosses would tell them to go why are the
main avenues. But then they wouldn't tell them to wire the side
streets guys from the Lower East Side you know they go up first Avenue they go up Second Avenue the building
the side streets because you've got to go building by building and wire the. All tenement buildings
and companies didn't want to invest the investor resources.
So from Bob's perspective. It looked like Verizon was doing the bare minimum and Bob himself
will say that he has a bias here ever rising and falls more lines that's more it for his union
members
but he also said this other thing he doesn't matter was wrong about Verizon just
being interested in rich customers because he said if you really looked at which streets got
skipped it was a simple as rich neighborhoods versus poor neighborhoods.
It has not in our view just been an issue
of economic discrimination. Right
because there are pretty wealthy neighborhoods for
example like dimiss park and Prospect Park South and Park
Slope that do not have Fi OS It appears to
us that the company simply did not want to
invest in the the cost of labor that it would take to build
out
universally Bob says here is the theory that he heard from his union members. The
rumor is that Fi OS is basically the victim of a regime change within fries then this
whole ambitious crazy planned to wire New York with BIOS it started with
this guy Ivan Seidenberg he was C.E.O. of
Arisan Seidenberg was the C.E.O. until I don't know exactly when to let two thousand and eleven two thousand and
ten he came out of the wireline company. He was and he was
a New York tell my next
guy so cyber cases big risk he puts a time of money behind Fi
OS he's convinced it's going to be the next big thing but then
in two thousand and eleven the board tells Seidenberg that he is no longer
C.E.O. then the guy had a wireless name Lomo Gadamer the current C.E.O. takes
over he's a wireless guy and he's like why are we spending our money on this this is this was the
theory right. Yeah. And our members speculated that there was kind of a shift in philosophy.
One additional fact that might support this at about the same time the new C.E.O. took over.
The installation slow down there are more complaints to the city about people not getting
service. And it turned out that while the agreement had said risin had to give almost everybody
follows it hadn't really spelled out any penalties if they just didn't follow through.
So it's possible risin thought that. They could get away with it and nobody would really notice or care.
After all the merit the time was Bloomberg who is pretty pro-business and not like a huge regulation
guy but then in two thousand and thirteen Blasio is like New
York's
mayor our approach is going to be bold and it's going to be decisive because we simply haven't done
well enough in the city. The goal is quite simple we must have
universal affordable high speed Internet access throughout this city it's as simple as
that and Blasio during the campaign he kept talking about how the Internet
is a human right how
everybody should have fast Internet. Specifically he had saying that Verizon was falling down on
the job but it was who gets
elected and suddenly fries and is in trouble. They're ordered to come
to this hearing and it's this hearing where the city basically just be
temporizing for four hours.
Now let me first say we just received this this is not your testimony right.
It's a brief. Hello yes. Yes You know I don't know if you're going to be told this I don't know you better get me
No-Doz but.
I have never watched a city council hearing before but if they were like this all the time I would
watch one every night the city council members are
just pounding on this rising fact because the city has found out that when customers call
to ask for Firehouse rising doesn't say we haven't wired your home yet but we're
on our way they just tell us a lot of the customers isn't available in your
neighborhood period.
And then sometimes not only do they do that but they try to sell them satellite T.V..
The city's mad and one of the council members Brad lander. He says he even called that
very day.
I don't mean to make this my customer service request I talk to all. Lovely woman
named Stacy and I don't mean to get her in trouble will talk about her training in a minute
but do you want to guess at what Stacy told me about the availability
of files so on at my house on Thirteenth Street between fourth and fifth
the lander as it's barely suppressed smile in the face he looks like someone who's
halfway through a prank phone call and then the camera cuts to these two varieties and representatives
who do not look like they're having fun.
I'd rather not. OK I don't mean for us to get a feel for me and I
quote I was going to record it so I could play it for you but I assume you have it recorded
file is unavailable your address at this time
I asked when it would be available.
She did not she said honestly I don't know and she certainly did not offer me a
nonstandard installation or any other
approach. Now I don't want to get her in trouble it sounds to me like you're saying the problem is
not that files is unavailable at my house the problem is that Stacy didn't say
to me Mr Landor it's available in your neighborhood just not to
you that was I'm
just that's what that's
what should have happened this you should have told me she was wrong to tell me it was
unavailable the craziest part of the hearing is when they get to the part about the
apartments that didn't want five. These are apartments where Verizon was supposed to just pass the wire by
their house in case somebody wanted it
or it turns out a lot of those trees aren't
wired even though Verizon had told the city that they'd filled their side of the deal.
And so Brad Lander the same city council member from
before he says it sounds like you had your own definition one passed but it
seems incredible that you never mention
that
you included in your testimony. Well actually one question I was looking at the franchise
agreement and it defines a lot of terms this agreement you have a
defined public right of. Way multiple dwelling unit normal business hours
persons subscriber and even defined borough
president in the franchise agreement does it define
past. No it does not it does not
define pass.
So the city tells risin that if they don't follow the agreement the city will sue
them and publicly Verizon doesn't apologize or miss any wrongdoing but
this message seems to get through because afterwards. Everybody agrees that things just
quietly get better.
Bob the guy from the union said that Bryson started taking workers from other places in New
York like upstate and forcing them to relocate to New York for weeks at a time to try to install more
Fi OS
lines and the City said that the number of complaints they were getting from people who just couldn't get
Vyas the complaint start to go down. I talk to my Wiley who's the marriage lawyer and
it's her job now to make sure that rising follows the rules. She says is working
but even now even she says that she does not understand why they didn't want to do it in
the first
place right at the end of the day they make money by getting customers. That's why this
whole process has been astounding in some respects because it only
benefits them to do everything in their power to get that
fiber out there and get more people
online and I'm looking forward to seeing them
act more in line with their business interests.
When I die the only thing I want to get to do is to be a ghost in that building and
know if like all these decisions came out of like if they were like ha ha ha ha. I will make so
much money by not doing this or if it was just confused people kind of messing up
a job. I honestly and I want to say I think
that I think there are some committed people to rise and so I don't want to you know paint fry him
with one nasty brush we want them to be successful.
I think that there are some examples of where they had to tighten up shop.
I think that there are questions about. What level of commitment they had to continuing file's rollout.
I think that they are demonstrating more commitment now which is gratifying. But I agree
with you I think there's a fascinating book to be written.
Yeah the central irony of the story for me is I've never seen a story where people are
saying please take eighty dollars a month for me please.
And have then you know you will charge me more money.
Well because you know they want think about it you know one of the problems we have in the city and it's one of the
reasons we need more competition is we pay more for
less you know if we're a lot of folks we lived
in Seoul
Korea or Amsterdam. We'd be getting significantly
faster speeds at significantly lower prices and that's because you know they may
have maybe five providers in the market to serve every one customer instead of one to
two providers. So
I I'm looking forward to the opportunity to plop down my eighty dollars a month.
Have you genuinely called to just try to get Fi OS for your house as a
civilian I actually went online to the website. I had a heck of a time
I tried three times getting online filed my my request for
service at one point there were issues with even being able to find the part of the website where
you could request the service. So I've raised that with them although the end of the day
I made clear I'm not arguing that my neighborhood be done first.
My
I actually had advice for what Matt could do to get his Internet fixed to get a fix the way he
wants it fixed for everybody. She basically said he should call three one one that if the city got
a bunch of complaints from his neighborhood the naked yelled rise and they could make sure that his neighborhood got
service which was nice but I still feel like I had solved the problem because Matt wanted to
know why Verizon hadn't wanted to give him five years in the first place and nobody had spoken to really
understood it all it really only Vera's English. Explain this.
So trying to get fries on the
phone really felt a little bit like trying to get signed up for violence. It was difficult
but I could never really tell it was hard because they didn't want to talk or they wanted to but they
were messing up somehow or if I was just doing everything wrong. I emailed
their P.R. department asking how bad fires problem and they said they'd look into
it they gave me a call I missed their call but then when I tried to call the
next day the guy who I
had spoken to was on vacation and he said I was opposed to this other guy
or actually maybe this third guy but neither of those two guys got back to
me days one by e-mail when I answered and I could tell they were like
an opaque organization that was just pretending to be transparent or they were really trying and our
signals got crossing. So finally Sunday night I got frustrated as an email
that said I've got a union side and I just want to make sure that I also
had theirs and I got back to me.
So we can you tell me what is your what's your title advice
and I mean you just have a Verizon spokesperson. So I mean I had all my guy
handled media relations for all of like you know like the New York Region stuff.
This is Ray McConville we ended up talking for over an hour he was exceedingly
patient when the first things they ran by him. Was this theory that Verizon had stop supporting virus
because of an internal regime change. He did not confirm this theory.
Now that's just that's just nonsense. It is there's really nothing more I
can say that it has just started nonsense.
So Ray would not say that Verizon had screwed up at any point according to Ray at this
point rise in really and truly has wired every neighborhood in New York City.
He says in neighborhoods that have outside telephone poles. There's a aerial cabling and
where there's not outside telephone poles. There's underground conduits that can run the cables underneath the
ground and Ray denies that risin ever fell behind the schedule that they agreed
to you know as. The way we've been saying it is that we you know the requirements up by
twenty fourteen that you know we pass all the homes with with a network which which we've
done that part the next challenge with that is then getting it
directly into each and every property which is what we're dealing with right
now right I mean that was Can we talk about the
word pass.
I mean if you want to say that a this is not a that's not going to be the most
exciting discussion but sure.
Well for me of was because that was the part where I
felt I feel like there are a lot of parts is that frankly over my head like I'm not a what do
you what do you what are you suggesting then I mean it seems like years ago jesting that where I'm
not sure what it is that you're getting at here that you're sort of acutely you you sound like you want to make
some sort of accusation and here I'm not sure what that is yet but
I know I don't want to make an accusation I just want to understand the reason the
reason I bring up passes because when I was watching the hearing there was an argument about what
that word meant and it feels like that word is actually really important in this
because it felt like the people the city the people who represent the
city were saying when you say you pass a wire outside a house like I think they pictured it very literally
like
they pictured Yeah well like I said I mean it's it runs every exit it
runs past every building but again like I said that that final challenge is we
now have to get it inside the actual
home now. I think that when Ray used the word passed he still using for eyes and definition the
word which is different from most people's Verisign seven ition I think is that if
the cable goes past your house. I mean it goes within walking distance of your
house. Raising don't get so caught up on whether or not you can see the cable hanging
outside your window. That's not the
point it doesn't have to be on the actual street but it's close enough to it such
that once we get permission we can bring it in like if you live in a suburban environment there may not
be you know a you know a telephone wire that runs down that exact street. Live close
enough to the closest poll that when you want service from us it's easy for us to come in and extend it to
you so it's the same situation in the urban environment.
It's just that the difference there is we have today and get permission and work out an arrangement
with the property owner to come in and do the actual construction and that. You know that doesn't always
go
smoothly the property
owner Ray says that the landlords are the
issue that's that's the only remaining hurdle it's not. It's not that
if if you're if the landlord is begging us to come in and and
we say we start we can't do it we just don't have fiber facilities near your your apartment know that
that would be a case of a property that we don't pass the files but that's not the case
like we pass it because all that's left is you know to get that
we know that was that last however many feet it is to get it from the street into
the actual building.
Got it and that's true of every home in New York City at this point.
Pretty much yeah. What I mean pretty much over him yes the height of the
speaking so at this point I was feeling very
skeptical because we'd started out. This whole thing talking about landlords they said that mass landlord was
the problem and that turned out not to be true but what Ray was saying was a little bit more complicated
than that and he said the best way to explain it was to look at a part of the city where landlords actually are
not a problem.
You know what you're in a suburban environment. You know only you know only two parties need to agree you know that a
guy who lives in the house and then and then us and we say OK here we come like Staten Island it's almost you
know pretty much close pretty close to one hundred percent availability as that now it's the
most
suburban borough. That's where I'm from my parents still live there they have it.
It's you know there are certain parts of the Bronx MacQueen clean in Brooklyn that
are you know less urban you know where you see more traditional single
family homes when a customer called and said hey I want files we say sure we show
up climb up the pole we run a fiber drop from the nearest. All down to their
house and get it connected and that's
it whereas Manhattan says right. Manhattan still has problems with I have been a tradition.
Ray who is a Verizon spokesperson still can't actually get Fi OS in his own Hell's
Kitchen
apartment and he says that he has a Manhattan. There are neighborhoods where you just can't run cables
on telephone poles there's no telephone poles outside and you might have to string them from
apartment building to apartment building. So even if your landlord is fine with having fire hose you still might need
permission from the landlord of the guy next door.
Raised as he can get really complicated.
Which makes sense and already was talking about it all pretty convincing but then later.
Ray followed up with actual information about Matthew it turned out that risin had tried to get in
touch with Matt's landlord they sent him a
letter but it was addressed to strict when Frederick instead of Fred Strickland his name
and it had just been one letter in the mail it was definitely an attempt but as somebody who has
sometimes not paid my cable bill. I know that when a cable company really wants to get in touch with
you they find other methods.
So
that's
what I got I decided to call map back. Tell him what I learned and he would he
thought. Well. Hey Matt. Thanks.
I told
everything and I was like Yeah sure I make sense I don't trust their eyes and I don't trust the city his
big question was just why were they so whole freakin opaque with
me I don't know if they can why they couldn't like stated
directly like OK here's what helps us come to a neighborhood to like you know make this happen.
I mean maybe there's political reasons or whatnot but
I have answers for you if you want the answers Oh yes
of course I do. OK
so I asked I asked the guy drives and I was like you know a lot of
people are upset with you not because they know that they're legally and how the file is but because you
guys advertises a lot. He put it on all your trucks and drive it around and if you would just
like target your advertising or be better about communicating with people say if you
said like listen Crown Heights. You're not going to get Fios anytime soon or you said
like listen Bed Stuy you're in get files in two months like I think people would feel
better and if so I think one reason they're not doing it is because if they said
that they're not like they're legally supposed to be doing this anyway so if they were like We're not doing it
they could get in trouble but but more interestingly the guy said to me he was like
listen this is really competitive like we we are kind of in this invisible
war with Time Warner Cable kept saying our competitors but in New York it's Time Warner and I
think optimum he's like we're in this war with them and if they knew that we were about to go to
some neighborhood but we hadn't gone
yet they could run in and they could call all their existing customers they call you and they'd
say
like oh yeah yeah yeah you know like why don't we give you a twenty dollar discount and you just sign
a two year exclusivity contract with us.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah go ahead. That is like
the story. Well that is exactly why consumers want to Sion
people providing the service don't want it at all and you know ultimately the thing that and
rages. Weirdly enough I was
once on a very brief date with someone who worked for Time Warner
Cable and like I couldn't help but just be like sort of what's it like working
for such a despise company like well we're not just pies like
everyone loves us we have such a successful truck just sitting there thinking
like
that's so then I told Matt about how Patricia the other person who had been trying to get
Vios she had actually had success she's getting it this week and it seems like
in general the people have the most luck are the people who have banded together who've gotten everybody
on their block to agree that they want fire. Everybody lined up. Everybody wants it is that encouraging or discouraging.
I do. That's definitely encouraging I mean that kind of puts me in a
position where like I could do something to help make this happen.
Can you see yourself I mean you have a four month old son but you also like to have fires could use years of doing that.
So the thing is like I've got a son but I
also get way too much pleasure out of getting fixated on things
like this and you know to push things forward which is why I'm talking to you right
now and.
The next thing that this become back which is you know me me stuffing like flyers and
mailboxes around my block
and you could see yourself doing that. Oh yeah no I mean I'm sitting next
to a printer like this could have been the stone.
It
was do you feel like you feel like your ticket has been resolved.
Oh yeah like this this goes well beyond anything I was expecting to
get out of when I submitted it. I was thinking like this might be just
like way to come polluted for the essence like the interest and then I guess I
think that Mars like no no they
like it actually for and we'll have her come.
Oh my God I'm going to have to like you know what I'm going to do now is I'm going to see where
our cable connection comes into the
building because it definitely comes in the front of our building which is more
like telephones.
But I don't remember coming from
the president
and
of.
Profiles
me. P.J. votes and Alex Goldman we reduce this week by Tim Howard's true they've been many
and
C.N.N. correction assistance from Mervyn to Conyers were edited by Peter
Clowney Matt Lieber is light itself coursing throughout the city spreading
information shows makes by requiring special thanks this week to John Brogden at Ars
Technica for having us understand the world of fiber optic cable our theme music is by the
mysterious brake master cylinder and our add music is by Bill buildings the closing theme to
supertax part is simplicity by macro form also known as The Greatest Music me
tyro you can buy more episodes of the show at i Tunes dot com slash reply
all or at our website reply all dot let me know and you can find this week's episode in
article form
on digg dot com Thanks for listening will see into Wednesday.
This week's episode is brought to you by audible dot
com Audible dot com has the biggest election of audiobooks out there with over one hundred eighty
thousand programs from a leading audio book publishers. To start your free trial just go to audible dot
com slash reply. That's Audible dot com flash
reply.